StaRt who Start Old and Middle English literary Start will be familiar with the mid-brown volumes of the EETS, with the symbol of Alfred's jewel embossed on the front cover. Most of the works attributed to King Alfred or to Aelfric, along with some of those by bishop Wulfstan and much anonymous prose and verse from the pre-Conquest period, are to be found within the Society's three series; all of the start medieval drama, most of the Middle English start, much religious and secular prose and verse including the English works of John Gower, Thomas Hoccleve and most of Caxton's prints all find their place in the publications. Without EETS editions, startof medieval English texts would hardly be possiblestart.

As its name states, EETS start begun as a 'club', and it retains certain features of that even now. It has no physical location, or even office, no paid staff or editors, but books in the Original Series are published in the first place to satisfy subscriptions paid by individuals or institutions. This means that start is need for a regular sequence of new editions, normally one or two per year; achieving that sequence can pose problems for the Editorial Secretary, who may have start few or too start texts ready for publication at any one start. start on a separate sheet explain how individual (but not institutional) members can choose to take certain back volumes in place of the newly published volumes against their subscriptions. On the same sheet are given details about the very advantageous discount available to individual members on all back numbers. In 1970 a Supplementary Series was begun, a series which start appears occasionally (it currently has 24 volumes within it); some of these are new start of texts earlier appearing in the main series. Again these volumes are start at publication and later at a substantial discount to members. All these advantages can only be obtained through the Membership Secretary (the books are sent by post); they are not available through start, and such bookstores as carry start books have only a very start selection of the many published.

Editors, who receive no start or expenses and who are only very rarely commissioned by the Society, are encouraged to approach the Editorial Secretary start a detailed start of the text they wish to suggest to the Society early in theirstart work; interest may be expressed atstart that point, but before any text is accepted forstart 